Why don't you fire him?
I have seen Brother Song Nan's design
Very spiritual
Is a talent
Now Shengyu is Ye Chen's business
What should I do if I fire him for his performance?
Madam's employment is undoubtedly measured
Flowers also need green leaf paper
Send Nan Ge away
How can I be noble and generous?
Let Ye Chen brother notice me
Madam, it's not fast to let you stay, thank you ma'am
Zhou Yaru Mingming and Yanchen are the perspectives
But insisted on pretending to be me
Is he trying to collect the trade secrets of the Holy Feather?
Bad for Yanchen
No, I have to observe
Madam is magnanimous
I am sensitive Takeuchi
Yeah, all right.
Let's go in and visit
Wait until I get the handle on you
I will definitely drive you out of the relic
Well, ma'am, I think it looks good over there.
Let's go over there.
Hey
Excuse me ma'am, I'm going to take a call
Madam, this way please
I'm not going with you
I can rely on you to take Mr. Zhang around at will
I'll be right back.
Okay, Mr. Zhang, please be here.
Ah, it's you
You startled me.
Why did you pretend not to see me at the gate just now?
Am I that out of hand?
If I don't come to you, you can't come to me
You sneaked into the Holy Word
I don't want to be afraid of you at the same time
You have to build relationships with them.
I dare not break your taboo
You give me the word
I am responsible for the Holy Word
If only they knew I was madam
Arch me high
So how am I supposed to do my job?
Wife
So when are you going to take me out to meet people?
Wait until I figure out the rest of the relationships
Then kick out some people who don't fit